# cs330-portfolio
Portfolio repo for CS330 class at SNHU

When designing software, I try to do my best to focus on the most important functionality. Once that is well developed, other things can be added and worked in where possible. I've started a lot of personal projects, and they often grew to a point that wasn't really feasible for me to do on my own, and I've learned from that. I am a very visual person, so I often start by designing an interface, usually in Figma. For me, that provides me with a good starting point and a way to not only take stock of the features that will need to be implemented, but to brainstorm other features that might improve the experience. For this project, I would say that was a similar process. I primarily chose an image that would not only interest me, but provide a good chance to try all the different techniques we would be learning. 

A lot of my development process throughout this course involved iteration. I would often go through a lot of different versions and making small changes to understand the effects that would have. It helps me when learning a new concept to poke and prod at the software to see what happens.

There are a lot of ways that the knowledge I have learned here can be applied in my career. Planning to be a software developer means that I should at least have a good understanding of these concepts. Even if I don't plan on becoming specifically a Graphics Programmer, understanding how the technology works can help in interacting with it. Beyond that, there are many situations where being able to implement something in low-level technology provides valuable, sometimes crucial improvements to the software. An example is a drawing app I was trying to create as a personal project. Without implementing the drawing in OpenGL, the performance would have been much too poor to really make the app useful at all.
